---
id: dg1qjs5tlki8ymlh0pg2qj6
title: '2022-03-06'
desc: ''
updated: 1646705008690
created: 1646543494838
traitIds:
  - journalNote
---

Progress meeting with William and Ashley

## Agenda

- Recording meeting to the cloud so we can use automatic transcription?
- Review list of tasks on Todoist and update
  - Set up recurring meetings
    - [ ] Sunday 7:30pm
  - Do we want to use Dendron?
    - Show [Deep Design Lab website](https://wiki.deepdesignlab.online)
    - Discuss benefits and limitations
      - [ ] Clarify sharing student working (maybe through Canvas)
    - Set up a draft hierarchy
    - [ ] Add Ashley to GitHub
  - Do we want to use Miro?
    - Review the [Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOPgXSaA=/?invite_link_id=347923796026).
      - [ ]: Maybe for students?
  - Identify important tasks that require planning
    - Finalise schedule, assessment, time-frame
      - [ ] Presentation for Rochus and Stanislav?
      - [ ] Talk to person who runs Systems Garden 
        - Feasibility, will it be useful in the future, how long can we keep it there (maintaining is critical, define an end state)
        - [ ] Plan out design build in collaboration with Systems Garden
        - [ ] Get familiar with Systems Garden and limitations
        - [ ] Define a goal for the design build
    - Organising FabLab use
      - [ ] Restrictions
      - [ ] Can they accommodate us?
      - [ ] Their capacity to contribute help, materials, etc.
    - Organising materials and budget
      - [ ] Complete after preliminary work
      - Previous design build subject received $2,000 from the School of Architecture in addition to outside money from a client
        - Small budget for preliminary project
        - [ ] Investigate funding sources from university, commercial firms, Systems Garden, donations organised by students (attribution) #stanislav
    - Propose budget
      - [ ] Ask Stanislav #stanislav
      - Students can generate budget as part of the course and investigate other sources if funding falls through
      - Provide a budget figure
    - Inviting collaborators
      - [ ] Systems Garden
      - [ ] Bower Studio
        - Priority to speak to first
      - [ ] FabLab
      - [ ] City of Melbourne
        - Ecologist
        - Ashley's thesis studio collaborator #stanislav
      - [ ] Architecture firms
        - [ ] Aspect Studios #stanislav
      - [ ] University funding sources
      - Aim for 50/50 designers and interdisciplinary
- Suggest deadlines for key milestones
  - Next fortnight
    - Draft website
    - Presentation to Bower, Systems Garden, FabLab @ashley
    - Complete schedule, assessment, etc.
      - Outline intention for assessment (personal reflective journal)
        - Master studio booklet
          - Template
        - Personal reflections with their own drawings that document the building process (how details were resolved, identify issues)
          - Highlight students who understand and were involved with the project
    - Speak to Rochus and Stanislav
  - End of the month
    - Organise meetings
  - Early April
    - Confirm subject with MSD
  - May/June
    - Finalise proposal
    - Organise formal course requirements (subject overview, assessment, Canvas, etc.)
  - June/July?
    - Subject runs
- Clarify days, timing, scheduling (morning, afternoon, evenings, etc.) #stanislav
- Next meeting
  - Discuss details

## Minutes